Good morning everyone
My name's Tandy.
Today I'll be talking to you about finding hope in a fragile world.
and what the hope of Christmas really means to me.
From a young age my parents have always been insistent
On Christmas being a time that we pray together before opening gifts.
It's always been a time that our family comes together.
To eat
And celebrate and often partake in communion.
Kushner's always been a busy time for me.
I remember many things that the church has organised.
Like Christmas at the park.
Where we unite people from all walks of the life.
And the christingle service.
Connecting the four corners of the world
Inspiring the light of Jesus.
I remember Carole singing at a nursing home.
And seeing a woman crying tears of joy.
I remember donating to charity.
And the shoebox appeal.
And when we see the video and the joy that you see on the young children's faces.
Thank you.
I remember feeling proud every time I was picked in the right nativities at school.
I've certainly always found comfort and excitement in Christmas.
I even remember receiving oatmeal to sprinkle on the ground for Santa's reindeer to eat.
As i've grown
I've come to realize
Where the spirit of giving at Christmas really comes from.
And that spirit of giving comes from the gift of Jesus that God blessed us with.
He is the present that brings love.
Hope.
Joy and peace.
He's the promised Messiah.
And I think that's the true significance of giving.
It symbolizes the gift of Jesus.
For all of us.
And we're demonstrating the peace
Love
Joy and hope Jesus brought to us.
I'd like to invite Mandy to come and read Isaiah 9:6-7 for me.
This will happen when this special child is born. God will give us a son who will be responsible for leading the people.
His name will be wonderful
Counselor
Powerful God, Father, who lives forever, Prince of Peace.
His power will continue to grow
and there will be
Peace without end
This will establish him as the king sitting on David's throne and ruining his kingdom.
Good job, Randy.
And so when we're celebrating at Christmas,
I think one thing we're really celebrating is the fulfillment of God's promises.
We often talk about hope without fully considering the significance of it.
And I think hope can be defined as having unwavering trust in the unchanging character of God.
Hope anchors us and strengthens us. It turns our focus to God.
Rather than whatever difficult circumstance we may be in.
Even in her circumstances
Mary had hope.
and trust in God.
When she was told to conceive the promised Messiah.
Romans 12:12 says
Rejoice in hope.
Be patient in tribulation.
And be constant in prayer
So if we come back to the topic of finding hope in this fragile world
I hope that through this short message I've been able to communicate with you.
the great hope you can have in Jesus Christ.
I want to speak to anyone in this room who is feeling a sense of fear in this time.
To anyone who's feeling anxious about any situation
To anyone who may be Christmas isn't a time of joy or it may bring back some sad events.
God provides for the beds of the earth.
So how much more will he provide for you?
He gives us assurance in 2 Timothy 1:7.
Which says for god has not given us the spirit of fear
But that of power and of love and of a sound mind.
And so we have been told by Paul in his book to the Philippians 4:6,
To be anxious for nothing
But in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your request to God.
There are three things I want everyone to take away from this.
The first is to have hope, have unwavering trust in his unchanging character.
In every situation, be still and know that he is in charge.
Secondly,
Be certain in his plan
He knows the plans he has for all of you and their plans to prosper you and not harm you and to give you a great hope and a good future.
I want to encourage you all to go out into the world and spread the good news of the gospel.
Spread the love joy
Peace and hope of Jesus.
I just want to leave with all of us.
The prefer
That he would make us all a channel of his peace.
Where there's despair in this world that we would bring hope to other people and we would love with all of our souls.
I pray that the peace of God surpasses all understanding.
Would rule your hearts this Christmas.
In Jesus' name.
Thank you, Tony.
What a treat